feat: return context menu dismiss result (#236)
tauri-apps/muda: .changes/add-context-menu-dismiss-result.md

---
"muda": patch
---

> On macOS and Windows, context menu returns it's dismissed result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return `bool` in `ContextMenu::show_context_menu_for_hwnd` on Windows and `ContextMenu::show_context_menu_for_nsview` on macOS to indicate why the context menu was closed.
```

> ---
> "muda": patch
> ---
> 
> Return `bool` in `ContextMenu::show_context_menu_for_hwnd` on Windows and `ContextMenu::show_context_menu_for_nsview` on macOS to indicate why the context menu was closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
"muda": minor
---

Return `bool` in `ContextMenu::show_context_menu_for_hwnd`, `ContextMenu::show_context_menu_for_nsview` and `ContextMenu::show_context_menu_for_gtk_window` to indicate why the context menu was closed.
```
